Update best-practices.md (#123325)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/best-practices.md

| App registrations | Every application (web, native) and API that is being secured must be registered in Azure AD B2C. If an app has both a web and native version of iOS and Android, you can register them as one application in Azure AD B2C with the same client ID. Learn how to [register OIDC, SAML, web, and native apps](./tutorial-register-applications.md?tabs=applications). Learn more about [application types that can be used in Azure AD B2C](./application-types.md). |
| Move to monthly active users billing | Azure AD B2C has moved from monthly active authentications to monthly active users (MAU) billing. Most customers will find this model cost-effective. [Learn more about monthly active users billing](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/mau-billing/). |

> | Follow Security best practices | There are continuous and evolving threats and attacks, and like all owned resources, your Azure AD B2C deployment should follow best practices for security, including guidance on implementing WAFs (defense against DDOS, Bots etc.) and other defense in depth best guidance   [B2C Security Architecture](/azure/active-directory-b2c/security-architecture). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Follow Security best practices | There are continuous and evolving threats and attacks, and like all owned resources, your Azure AD B2C deployment should follow best practices for security, including guidance on implementing WAFs (defense against threats such as DDOS and Bots) and other defense in depth best guidance [B2C Security Architecture](/azure/active-directory-b2c/security-architecture). |
```

> | Follow Security best practices | There are continuous and evolving threats and attacks, and like all owned resources, your Azure AD B2C deployment should follow best practices for security, including guidance on implementing WAFs (defense against DDOS, Bots etc.) and other defense in depth best guidance   [B2C Security Architecture](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory-b2c/security-architecture). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Follow Security best practices | There are continuous and evolving threats and attacks, and like all owned resources, your Azure AD B2C deployment should follow best practices for security, including guidance on implementing WAFs (defense against DDOS, Bots etc.) and other defense in depth best guidance   [B2C Security Architecture](/azure/active-directory-b2c/security-architecture). |
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Follow Security best practices | There are continuous and evolving threats and attacks, and like all owned resources, your Azure AD B2C deployment should follow best practices for security, including guidance on implementing WAFs (defense against threats such as DDOS and Bots) and other defense in depth best guidance [B2C Security Architecture](/azure/active-directory-b2c/security-architecture). |
```

Reviewer 2: @RideMo
